---
title: Instant Pot Khao Soi
tags: chicken main_dish instant_pot soup
---
*Curry Paste*:

* 4 dried New Mexico or guajillo chiles, stemmed and seeded
* 8 cloves garlic
* 2 shallots, peeled and halved
* 1/4 cup chopped lemongrass
* 1 tbsp ground turmeric
* 1 tsp ground coriander
* 1 tsp ground cardamom
* 1 tsp curry powder

*Soup*:

* 2 tbsps olive oil
* 2 cans (14oz) unsweetened coconut milk, well-shaken
* 3 cups chicken broth
* 2 tsps kosher salt
* 1 1/2 lbs boneless, skinless chicken thighs
* 1 lb Chinese egg noodles, rice noodles, or ramen noodles
* 3 tbsps fish sauce
* 2 tbsps light brown sugar

*Preparing the curry paste*:

# Place chiles in a heat-proof bowl and add enough boiling water to cover, about 3 cups. Cover with plastic wrap and set aside, allowing to soak until soft, about 20-30 minutes.
# Drain chiles, reserve liquid.
# Process chiles, garlic, shallots, ginger, lemongrass, turmeric, coriander, cardamom, curry, and 1/4 cup of the soaking liquid in a food processor until smooth, adding more liquid a tbsp at a time if needed.

*Preparing the soup*:

# Set Instant Pot to Sauté for 10 minutes. Add oil, heat 1 minute.
# Add curry psate to hot oil, stirring constantly, until paste has darkened slightly, 5-6 minutes.
# Stir in coconut milk, broth, and salt, bring to a boil. Add chicken.
# Place lid on Instant Pot, set vent to Seal.
# Pressure Cook on high for 10 minutes.
# Release pressure.
# Once pressure is released, carefully uncover and transfer chicken to a plate to cool.
# When cool enough to handle, cut in to 1in cubes.
# Prepare noodles according to package directions.
# Stir fish sauce, brown sugar, and chicken in to soup.
# Divide noodles and soup among serving bowls.
# Serve with desired toppings.
